[EDU-1627] - Spaces Avatar Stack example (#2289)
ably/docs: examples/spaces-avatar-stack/page.md

# Display active users avatars in an application.

> Display online users through an avatar stack in an application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Display the online status of users by displaying an avatar for each of them.
```

> Display an the status of users within an application with the avatar stack to provide a visual rendering of which users are in the shared workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Display the status of users within an application with an avatar stack to provide a visual rendering of which users are in the shared workspace.
```

> Avatar stacks are utilized in applications such as online whiteboards, slide shows, spreadsheets and documents to let others know who is currently viewing the application or document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Avatar stacks are utilized in applications such as online whiteboards, slide shows, spreadsheets and documents to let others know who is currently active in the application.
```
